# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 500

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 500
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

AFCS OPERATION Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 Vertical Modes Pro Line Fusion® Avionics

The target airspeed for FLCH mode will be set to VMO-5, or MMO-0.02, as appropriate. The Approach Status Right/Emergency Descent Status ﬁeld on FMA will display EDM in green, while EDM is active. Autothrottle will also be automatically engaged and reduce throttles to idle. EDM will remain active until AP is disengaged or a new vertical mode is selected.

#### OVERSPEED PROTECTION

Overspeed (OVSP) protection is provided when the airplane exceeds its speed envelope (VMO or MMO). This is the same protection provided by the Fly-By-Wire (FBW) system during manual ﬂight. Regardless of the AFCS status, concerning active modes and AP engagement status, FBW will activate its overspeed protection when the current speed is higher than VMO or MMO by a predetermined margin, depending on the rate to which the speed increases.

This margin is deﬁned to avoid activating the overspeed protection unnecessarily (i.e. when there is not a signiﬁcant overspeed scenario, while providing the appropriate envelope protection during a signiﬁcant overspeed event). When overspeed protection is active and the AFGS status is not FD OFF, the AP and FD commands are synchronized to the current airplane state. Also, OVSP will be displayed in amber on the Active Vertical FD/AP Modes ﬁeld on FMA.

The FBW system will generate commands to bring the airplane speed back within its operational envelope. After overspeed protection deactivation, the AFGS will activate vertical modes, depending on the previous vertical active mode before overspeed activation, with synchronized references when applicable, as presented in the following table.

5th Edition 8-18 02 APR 19
