# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 497

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 497
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 AFCS OPERATION Pro Line Fusion® Avionics Vertical Modes

mode is automatically deselected when selection or capture of another vertical mode occurs.

A green FLCH message is shown in the PFD Flight Mode Annunciation Format when the FLCH mode is active. FLCH is displayed in Magenta while VNAV is active. When in FLCH mode, the AT sets climb thrust for climbs and idle for descents when engaged.

#### GO AROUND MODE

The Go-Around (GA) mode is selectable through the TOGA switch on the TCQ while not on ground. If it is already engaged, the autopilot remains engaged when GA mode is selected. The AP is allowed to engage when GA is the active mode. The FG generates FD/AP commands to initially maintain a ﬁxed pitch angle and then transitions to maintain a go-around speed. GA remains active until another mode is selected, or until leveling off at the selected altitude reference.

#### TAKEOFF MODE

The Takeoff (TO) mode is selectable through the TOGA switch on the TCQ while on ground. The AP is not allowed to be engaged when TO is the active mode. If TO is the active vertical mode, pushing the AP button on air to engage the autopilot results in an automatic reversion to FPA mode. The AFGS generates ﬂight director commands, initially to maintain a ﬁxed pitch angle reference and then it transitions to maintain a takeoff speed reference.

TO mode remains active until another mode is selected, AP is engaged or until the selected altitude reference is leveled off. The AFGS computes the TO pitch angle reference based on weight, ﬂap lever position and ice detection. The TO speed reference is any value between V2 and V2 +10, selected depending on OEI condition.

#### VERTICAL NAVIGATION MODE

The Vertical Navigation mode is integrated with the FMS, and allows the aircraft to ﬂy the programmed vertical ﬂight path in conjunction with the active ﬂight plan. During VNAV mode, FMS usually selects the active vertical mode and its respective reference, providing vertical navigation capability according to the selected ﬂight plan and/or operation.

5th Edition 02 APR 19 8-15
