# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 504

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 504
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

AFCS OPERATION Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 Approach Modes Pro Line Fusion® Avionics

1. APPR 2 ILS is displayed as armed on the top left of the FMA. At the same time, LOC and Glideslope (GS) modes are armed on the lateral and vertical axis, respectively.

2. Once the airplane is sufﬁciently close to the localizer beam, LOC mode will activate and will command the capture and tracking of the beam.

3. Then, if the airplane is sufﬁciently close to the GS beam, GS mode will activate on the vertical axis and command the capture and tracking of the GS beam. APPR 2 will still be armed if the airplane is not below 1500 ft ratio altitude.

4. With GS and LOC modes active, APPR 2 ILS will be activated, and the AFGS will start to operate in dual lane conﬁguration, once the airplane has reached a radio altitude lower than 1500 ft (and higher than 800 ft).

#### APPROACH CHECKLIST

When the pilots push the APPR button to select the ILS approach modes (LOC and GS), the highest approach available (1 or 2) will be armed, according to the indication on the Approach Status left ﬁeld on the FMA. In this scenario, it may be that of the conﬁgurations or selections needed to activate the highest ILS approach mode, APPR 2, has not been properly selected.

The Approach Checklist will then be displayed on the PFD and will assist the pilots in determining what is still missing in order to activate the APPR 2.

While ILS modes are armed or activated, the Approach Checklist will remain active until pilots have conﬁgured the airplane and/or systems to allow APPR 2 to become active, or until this is no longer possible during the current approach (i.e. the airplane has descended below 800 ft radio altitude). The Approach Checklist will also be displayed when a system failure is inhibiting the activation of APPR 2.

The following table provides the list of Approach Checklist messages and their respective meaning. The active message will be determined based on the priority number of each active condition, where the lowest the number, the higher the priority. Then, if both PFDs are displaying AHRS data from the same source, but if LOC is not selected on both displays, CHECK NAV SRC message will be displayed.

5th Edition 8-22 02 APR 19
