# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 489

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 489
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 AFCS OPERATION Pro Line Fusion® Avionics Flight Director Lateral Modes

### FLIGHT DIRECTOR CUES

The Flight Director (FD) cues are presented to the ﬂight crew in two formats. For most modes, the guidance is presented in the Flight Path Vector format. And, for takeoff mode, the guidance is presented in the Pitch-based format. Usually, the FD is displayed as a magenta circle, indicating where the pilot should maneuver the airplane ﬂight path vector indication to. In this sense, the pilot, when using the FD without engaging the AP (FD only), will try to place the green ﬂight path vector circle on top of the magenta ﬂight guidance cue. While in takeoff mode, which is an AFD only mode, guidance is provided using a cross-bar symbology, referenced to pitch attitude on the vertical axis, and to the center or the attitude and heading display. The Pilot must try to place the pitch angle indication on top of the magenta pitch guidance bar on the vertical axis, and keep the magenta lateral guidance bar on the center of the display.

### FLIGHT DIRECTOR OFF

The FD OFF state occurs when there are no FD modes active and FD cues are not being displayed on the PFDs When FD is engaged, the FD OFF mode can be selected if any FD button is pushed on the Flight Control Panel (FCP). The FD button is disabled in the following conditions:

• Autopilot is engaged

• GA mode is active

• Windshear mode is active

• Approach 2 is active

• TO mode is active and the airspeed is greater than 60 kt then WOW is active.

### FLIGHT DIRECTOR LATERAL MODES

The FG lateral modes are:

• Roll

• Heading

• Track

• Localizer

5th Edition 02 APR 19 8-7
