# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 491

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 491
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 AFCS OPERATION Pro Line Fusion® Avionics Flight Director Lateral Modes

• Roll Hold: The FG Roll hold submode is used to provide ﬂight director/autopilot commands to hold a ﬁxed bank angle. The bank angle reference varies from a maximum bank angle value of +6 degrees to a minimum bank angle value of -6 degrees. The maximum/minimum bank angle value depends on half bank selection.

The FG enters the Roll Hold mode under any or the following conditions:

• Roll mode is activated while the bank angle is >+6 degrees

• Roll mode is activated while the bank angle is <-6 degrees

• Roll mode is active and bank angle reference is set to >+6 degrees or <-6 degrees, through the use of TCS while AP is engaged.

• Wings Level: The FG Wings level submode is used to provide the ﬂight director/autopilot commands to hold a 0 degrees bank angle. The wings level submode is activated under the following conditions:

• Roll mode is activated while the bank angle is <=+6 degrees

• Roll mode is activated while the bank angle is >= (-6 degrees)

• Roll mode is active and bank angle reference is set to <=+6 degrees or >= (-6 degrees), through the use of TCS while AP is engaged.

• Heading Hold: Heading Hold submode provides ﬂight director/autopilot commands to hold the current airplane heading. The heading hold submode is activated under the following condition:

• Wings level submode is active and the absolute bank angle is <=3 degrees for 10s.

#### HEADING SELECT MODE

Heading Select mode produces FD/AP commands to capture and track a selected heading reference. The Heading Select reference is the heading bug displayed on the PFD indicated by the source arrow status. The FG receives a heading error from the PFD, and uses that information to compute roll commands to turn the aircraft to the selected heading.

The heading select mode is activated through the HDG button on the Flight Control Panel (FCP). While the heading select mode is active, turning the heading knob on the FCP results in the AFCS computing a

5th Edition 02 APR 19 8-9
