# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 424

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 424
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

DISPLAY OPERATION Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 Multifunction Keyboard Panel Operation Pro Line Fusion® Avionics

The MENU button on the CCP is used to show an on-screen menu. When the cursor is in a MFW, pushing the MENU button displays the top level drop down menu for that format and place the cursor in the ﬁrst logical point for work. Using the DSK allows the user to move between items of the menu.

The Push To Talk (PTT) button allows the user to transmit on the radio selected on the microphone selector control.

The XPDR IDENT button sends an transponder ﬂash to Air Trafﬁc Control (ATC).

### MULTIFUNCTION KEYBOARD PANEL OPERATION

The Multifunction Keyboard Panel (MKP) includes buttons for data entry and format control. The Pro Line Fusion Avionics System includes two MKP units, one for each pilot, mounted on either side of the center console. Each MKP includes controls to enter data, control the on-screen cursor, navigate menus, and Quick Access Key (QAK) buttons for format control. The QAK buttons allow the operator to show a predeﬁned format and cursor in a consistent location on the DU panels. This one-button operation bypasses the usual cursor slewing and menu selection.

The keyboard on the MKP, along with the ENTER and CLR/DEL keys, may be used to enter alphanumeric data into GUI data entry elements.

The arrow keys may be used to control the on-screen cursor, as a secondary means to the track ball on the CCP. The MKP arrow keys have priority over the CCP trackball for cursor control. There is a 3 second delay from the release of a MKP arrow key to the return of trackball control. When pushing the arrow key while an on-screen menu is open advances the cursor to the next option.

The EXEC button executes changes placed into the ﬂight plan. The green LED above the EXEC button illuminates when a change has been made that requires an execution.

The CNCL button removes any unsaved inputs into the ﬂight plan.

The PREV and NEXT buttons may be used to advance pages in a multi-page format, and to go back.

5th Edition 7-14 02 APR 19
