# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 22

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 22
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

INTRODUCTION Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 Safety Summary Pro Line Fusion® Avionics

To send data to Rockwell Collins about this manual:

Address: Rockwell Collins 350 Collins Rd NE, M/S 153-250 Cedar Rapids, IA 52498-0001

Email: PubsTrain@rockwellcollins.com

### SAFETY SUMMARY

 CAUTION

Some aircraft operators can have special procedures that are different from those given in this guide. Refer to the applicable Aircraft Flight Manual (AFM) for instructions speciﬁed for your aircraft.

 CAUTION

Be careful if you wear sunglasses with lenses that cause you not to see some colors. These types of lenses can have an unwanted effect on how some colors show on the EFIS displays. You cannot see some items on the display when you wear these types of sunglasses. Also, the color of some items can change. For example, some blue lenses can cause a magenta display item to show as red. If the displays are read incorrectly, possible damage to the equipment could occur.

 CAUTION

Monitor all instruments to identify if a FMS malfunction occurs. The Pro Line Fusion Avionics System and related components operate as a system and usually give the crew an indication when a malfunction occurs. But the crew must also know that it is not possible to monitor the system for all possible malfunctions. Also, incorrect operation could occur without an indication of a malfunction.

### NOTICES

N

NOTE

Values, graphics, depictions, and display illustrations shown in this guide are for illustrative purposes only and may not represent actual ﬂight conditions.

5th Edition 1-2 02 APR 19
