# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 499

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 499
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 AFCS OPERATION Pro Line Fusion® Avionics Vertical Modes

3. Operate the DN↕UP wheel on the FCP to set the VS reference, shown in the VS readout. A vertical speed reference bug is also shown on the vertical speed scale on the ADI at the selected vertical speed. The bug is shown in cyan when it is manually selected with the DN↕UP wheel. A green VS message is shown in the AFCS vertical active ﬁeld on the displays. The vertical speed reference value XXXX along with a plus (+) or minus (−) is shown in the vertical capture ﬁeld on the displays when the VS mode is active. The Target Vertical Speed is shown with an up arrow for Positive vertical speed targets and a down arrow for negative vertical speed targets. The Target Vertical Speed value is always displayed in Cyan. On EEJ there is no vertical capture ﬁeld on the FMA, the Target Vertical Speed is displayed above the vertical speed scale. The value is shown in green when it is manually selected with the DN↕UP wheel. When in VS mode, the AT controls airspeed when engaged.

The VS mode is automatically deselected when selection or capture of another vertical mode occurs. Vertical Speed mode behaves the same during TCS regardless of whether or not the Autopilot is engaged. Selection of the VS mode is inhibited when one of the modes that follow are active:

• Overspeed mode with an overspeed condition.

The VS reference is synced to the current vertical speed and of the following occur:

• VS mode activation

• VS Mode changes to FPA Mode when the AP is engaged

• Either of the TCS buttons are pushed

• While ﬂy-by-wire Overspeed mode is active.

#### EMERGENCY MODE DESCENT

The Emergency Descent Mode (EDM) is a function that can automatically bring the airplane to a safe altitude in the ultimate scenario of cabin depressurization and pilots incapacitation. If the AP is engaged, the airplane is above 25000 ft, and a cabin depressurization occurs, the EDM will automatically be activated, which results in FLCH becoming the active vertical mode, with a target altitude of 15000 ft, and HDG becoming the active lateral mode, commanding a 90 degree left turn from the current aircraft heading.

5th Edition 02 APR 19 8-17
