# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 185

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 185
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 MENUS AND DISPLAYS Pro Line Fusion® Avionics Vspeeds / LFE Dialog Box

multiple colors, so the source of Vspeed information is displayed in the VSPEEDS dialog box. When the Vspeeds are manually entered and checked off for display on the airspeed tape, they will be colored cyan in the dialog box. When the FMS calculates and sends Vspeeds to the airspeed tape the speeds will be magenta in the dialog box. The takeoff Vspeeds can be set and checked off manually on the ground. The Landing Vspeeds can be set on the ground (for an emergency return) but to reduce clutter they cannot be checked off for display on the airspeed tape until airborne. When the aircraft takes off the takeoff speeds will be removed automatically and the landing Vspeeds can be checked off for display. In case of an issue with the FMS provided LFE for the arrival airport the LFE can be manually entered on this dialog.

SELECTIONS:

V1 V1 – Takeoff decision speed. This reference is shown on the ADI airspeed scales as a white horizontal line with a white 1 legend.

VR VR – Rotation speed. This reference is shown on the ADI airspeed scales as a cyan horizontal line with a cyan R legend.

V2 V2 – Takeoff safety speed. This reference is shown on the ADI airspeed scales as a magenta horizontal line with a magenta 2 legend.

VREF VREF – Landing reference airspeed. This reference is shown on the ADI airspeed scales as a white horizontal line with a white RF legend, during approach only.

VAP VAP – Approach speed. This reference is shown on the ADI airspeed scales as a cyan horizontal line with an cyan AP legend.

5th Edition 02 APR 19 5-83
