# Operators Guide - PL Fusion - Page 492

> Extracted from: Operators Guide - PL Fusion
> Project: E550
> Path: Collins
> Page: 492
> Extraction: Mechanical (no LLM)

---

AFCS OPERATION Embraer Legacy 450/500 and Praetor 500/600 Flight Director Lateral Modes Pro Line Fusion® Avionics

turning command in the same direction in which the heading bug was turned. Then, the FG computes a turning command using the shortest arc to the heading reference.

N

NOTE

The airplane will automatically follow the selected heading, only if the autopilot is engaged.

#### TRACK MODE

The Track (TRK) mode generates FD/AP commands to intercept and maintain the inertial airplane track received from the Inertial Reference System (IRS). Selecting another lateral FD mode disengages the TRK mode.

#### LOCALIZER MODE

The Localizer (LOC) mode generates FD/AP commands to capture and track the localizer navigation source. It is armed when ILS is the navigation source and the APPR button is pushed FCP and the course error is less than 110 degrees. It is also selected if ILS is the active navigation source and the LNAV button is pushed FCP. Once localizer armed and the localizer criteria is satisﬁed the localizer mode is activated. The localizer control law captures/tracks the localizer beam regardless of whether the radio altitude signal is valid or invalid.

#### BACK COURSE MODE

The Back Course (BC) generates FD/AP commands to capture and track the back course localizer. The Back Course mode is automatically selected by the FG when ILS is the active navigation source, the APPR button is pushed on the FCP and course error is higher than 100 degrees. The Back Course mode uses the same data and control laws as the Localizer mode, but using the negative localizer deviation signal.

To set up a B/C, accomplish the following:

1. Set the NAV source with controls on the COM/NAV SRC dialog box on the PFD Task Menu.

2. Set the NAV (LOC) source frequency with the DU TUNE format window or the NAV button on the MKP.

5th Edition 8-10 02 APR 19
